c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples.dll.config
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples.pdb
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\obj\Debug\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\obj\Debug\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples.pdb
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Wcf.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Wcf.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.dll
c:\users\sfox2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\Devlific.Wcf.IoC.Examples\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.xml
